In the last lecture, we styled our active links here,
now I want to fix the behavior that whenever I click one of these recipes icons here, we reload
the page.
And that simply happens if we have a look at our recipe-list component which of course is responsible
for displaying the list, here in the recipe-item which is the individual item we're clicking,
we have a link with this ref attribute here.
Let's remove it because that will actually send a request to the browser and therefore reload our page.
If we remove this, you'll see now I can click it
but now we no longer get the cursor which looks like a hand.
We can quickly add this manually though by simply adding style and then cursor equal to pointer
and now we should have the pointer which clearly indicates that we can click this
but now we don't reload the page anymore.
Now for the dropdown here, we should also make sure that all these links are not reloading the page
because right now they are and that is something we have to fix in the recipe-detail component. Here
we also need to remove these ref elements here and I already added the style with the cursor which is set
to a pointer to the first anchor tag,
let's also add it to the other two and with that, that should be fixed too.
Now if we select something here, we don't reload.
Let's now also do that for the dropdown, right now clicking the dropdown also reloads the page,
that of course has to be fixed in the header component
and here we reload the page because our dropdown also has this anchor tag or this ref attribute on it.
So we should get rid of this and then maybe also implement this style cursor pointer set up to get
the right mouse cursor,
let's also do the same for the individual anchor tags inside of that dropdown.
So I also removed ref there and added my own cursor style.
So with that, this now all works fine,
of course the dropdown doesn't do anything,
we'll add this later but the app is working again and therefore, we made a big step into the right direction.
So with this all added and set up here, our root routes seem to be working fine but now I want to change
the way we load the recipe when we click on one here in the list, I actually want to load that
via child routing. When we click new recipe,
I also want to load the to be created recipe-edit component here on the right, where we now have the detail
component and the same for the case that we click edit here.
So that is something I definitely want to add,
I want to add these routes,
these child routes.
So that is what we should work on next.